I called you here early this morning
because the matter of the dark arts has been investigated.
Chun Lan has committed a great crime
by framing Rong Guifei.
Tomorrow, she will be executed by decapitation. The real mastermind is Lin Guiren.
Last night, she has already been punished.
This matter has come to a conclusion.
The truth is revealed.
The truth is now clear.
Your beloved concubine has finally been vindicated.
This time,
I haven’t wronged anyone.
Rong Guifei did have merit,
but the root of the problem also lies with her.
Your Highness is also a victim.
Don’t forget,
it was because Rong Guifei monopolized your favor
that the other consorts were neglected.
This is what led to this disaster.
Empress Dowager,
I’m feeling a bit unwell.
I’ll excuse myself first.
Empress Dowager, you’ve gone too far this time.
I still have state affairs to attend to.
I’ll take my leave first.
This is outrageous.
The Emperor is becoming increasingly unreasonable.
Now he dares to confront me like this for Rong Guifei.
Empress Dowager, please calm down.
Indeed, Rong Guifei has been dealt with.
Empress Dowager, may you have peace and prosperity.
Your Highness, who are you angry with?
Isn’t it because of Rong Guifei?
The Emperor is now so infatuated with him
that he dares to defy me.
Sister has suffered such injustice.
Shouldn’t the Emperor try to appease Sister?
The Emperor is now so smitten
that he’d probably give him the stars if asked.
Sister probably doesn’t care for the stars.
After all, you’re already a consort.
Next, the Emperor should be preparing to make Sister Empress.
I cannot let the Emperor make a mess of things.
How can such a person be the mother of a nation?
I see you’re quite suitable.
Don’t jest with me, Your Highness.